Since there are only Mr. Song and Mr. Ye today
Then let's not go through these cumbersome procedures
Let's set the price directly.
Let this bumpkin sit across from me
It is already the greatest courage for him
Mr. Wang, what is the approximate market value of your company?
Our company has never been listed.
Only the stock value is about 80 million
Now the various departments of the company have not been disbanded.
All infrastructure and hardware are well preserved
Won't affect too much
Let them see
I give 85 million
And all the employees in the company are not moving
Thank you so much, Mr. Song
With this money, I can make 100 million
Song Yang
You know exactly how much money you have
What are you playing with me?
Mr. Song
In fact, there is not much need to acquire this company
Be considerate with your current funds.
It's possible to form an identical company
In the company's laboratory
New batteries have been developed
Build a new company from scratch
Who knows how long it will take to develop it successfully
Before that
It is estimated that Ye Tian's achievements can already enter the battery.
It worked.
Dad, I'm sure you can take it
Miss Li, could you please do me a favor?
What are you doing? I want to use my 100 million cash
Loan from the bank